CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program? Hangman

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve? It just a game that uses words

3. What will you learn from developing this program?I think i could irragate thru a dictionary and also will be able to identify the letters the user inputs


4. What Python modules will your program use? pytest, random and maybe a csv file with the words i'll use inside.

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task? I'll use one function to get a random word out of my csv file, another to ask the user for a guess
a counter to count how many guesses and another one to see if the answer matches the guess of the user, if the answer doesnt match ill 
_ _ _ _, but if it matches in some words the letter will stay, if the letter matches the place it'll stay in capital letter.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions? Yes, I'll write one to see if the function to matches the word works and maybe another one to see if the the letters are placed
in the correct order and with capital or lower case letter.

